docs(faq): improve and update FAQs (#344)
RetroAchievements/docs: docs/general/faq.md

Reviewer: One thing to keep in mind: 40% of people who land on this page are using mobile. Double check and make sure the screenshots look good in VitePress on a mobile display.

## RetroAchievements FAQ

### What is Hardcore mode?

> This feature restricts the player from loading save states (creating them is still allowed), using cheats, and using any speed-altering features like rewinding, slow-motion, and advancing the game one frame at a time by using the emulator's built-in functions.

Reviewer: > creating them is still allowed

We should probably still have the context regarding practice/ticket purposes.

Reviewer 2: Any talk about being allowed to make save states in hardcore may want to also have a tip about ppsspp standalone, where you have to enable advanced settings, then go to achievement settings and check the box for being allowed to create save states in hardcore. (Wherever appropriate such a comment should be)

Reviewer 2: Maybe "Some emulators may require you to turn on the ability to make save states in hardcore."

Note that the only exception to altering speed is fast-forward, which is allowed.
Essentially, you are playing the game without the game-altering enhancements emulators come with.

While you will still be able to get achievements in Softcore, playing in Hardcore mode is the only way to earn a Mastery for a game, which is displayed both on your profile and on the game's page as a master of the game, as well as on the main leaderboard.
Playing in Hardcore will also allow you to set times, scores, or participate in miscellaneous challenges on game-specific leaderboards.
Most events also require you to earn achievements in Hardcore, unless otherwise specified on the event page.

> Completing a game with softcore will still give you a badge to show on your profile; however, there will not be a gold border, and you won't show up as a recent master of the game.

Reviewer: Better matches the surrounding context:
```suggestion
Completing a game without Hardcore mode enabled will still give you a badge to show on your profile; however, there will not be a gold border, and you won't show up as a recent master of the game.
```

### What do I do when the achievement isn't working right?

When problems with achievements occur, either where the achievement wasn't awarded to you or it was awarded at the wrong time, there are solutions to get the problems fixed and for proper credit to be given to you!
First, you'll want to [report the broken achievement](#how-do-i-report-a-broken-achievement). (This is an excellent way to contribute to the betterment of the community!)
It creates a ticket report for the achievement developers who will then review the problem and look for a solution.

If the achievement wasn't awarded, you can request a [manual-unlock](#how-do-i-request-a-manual-unlock).
You'll need to [report the broken achievement](#how-do-i-report-a-broken-achievement) and provide [proof of completion](#in-detail-how-to-request-a-manual-unlock).

### How do I report a broken achievement?

There are two ways to report broken achievements.

1. For [Official RetroAchievements emulators](#official-retroachievementsorg-emulators) only, in the emulator title bar go to **RetroAchievements** ⇒ **Report Broken Achievements**:

> ![how to report](/how-to-report.webp)

Reviewer: Let's remove this bit - we're actually removing this routine from the Connect API.
